Update BoLD upgrade guide for Orbit (#2331)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/04-maintain-your-chain/05-upgrade-to-bold.mdx

- For all other types of node before Nitro v3.6.0: add `--node.bold.enable=true` to enable [watchtower mode](/run-arbitrum-node/03-run-full-node.mdx#watchtower-mode)
- For all other types of node after Nitro v3.6.0: [watchtower mode](/run-arbitrum-node/03-run-full-node.mdx#watchtower-mode) is automatically enabled

Additionally, the `--chain.info-json` object also needs to be modified:

- Update the `rollup.rollup` field to point at the new Rollup contract address
- Add a new `rollup.stake-token` field with the address of the stake token contract

After updating the configuration, restart your node.

:::info Validator nodes shutdown

When enabling BoLD on a validator, it will default to read only finalized information from its parent chain. If you run your node before the blocks that contain the upgrade transactions are finalized, the node will stop with the following message:

```shell
error initializing staker: could not create assertion chain: no contract code at given address
```

In this case, wait until those blocks are finalized and start your node again.

:::

### Step 7: Monitor the validation process

> Once the upgrade executes, monitor assertions to ensure they are created and confirmed in the new Rollup contract. Note that the new events emitted are `AssertionCreated` (which should appear every time an assertion is posted, by default this is 1 hour) and `AssertionConfirmed` (which should only appear after a challenge period has elapsed, by default this is 7 days).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the upgrade executes, monitor assertions to ensure they are created and confirmed in the new Rollup contract. Note that the new events emitted are `AssertionCreated` (which should appear every time an assertion is posted, by default this is one hour) and `AssertionConfirmed` (which should only appear after a challenge period has elapsed, by default this is seven days).
```
